c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\LogisPack.dll.config
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\LogisPack.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\LogisPack.pdb
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\WebForms_Basic.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\obj\Debug\LogisPack.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\obj\Debug\LogisPack.Resources.resources
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\obj\Debug\LogisPack.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\obj\Debug\LogisPack.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\obj\Debug\WebForms_Basic.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\obj\Debug\LogisPack.pdb
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\CapaDatos.dll
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\CapaDatos.pdb
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\CapaDatos.xml
c:\users\jezuz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LogisPack\LogisPack\bin\CapaDatos.dll.config
